# Crystals Collector
### What the project does?
- The game generates a random number after the player clicks on any of the four crystal shown on the screen. 
    - Each crystal has its own random value between 1 - 12. 
    - The random number generated is between 19 - 120.
- For each crystal that is clicked, the crystal value is added to player's the total score. 
- To win the game, the player's total score need to match the score generated by the game. 
- If the player's total score is above the generated number, the player lose and the game restart with a new generated number and random values for each crystal. 

### Why is the project useful?
This game is useful because it teaches a full-stack developer how to use JavaScript to manipulate HTML elements. The designer of the game also learns the logic of JavaScript and jQuery. Overall, I believe this is a fun and useful exercise to those looking to understand JavaScript and jQuery. 

### How users can get started with the project
1. Start with design. The design helped me because it is easy and once I completed it I felt a sense of accomplishment to pull through this project to the end. 
2. Break what you see on the screen into parts.
3. Work on what you know and complete it. 
4. Add extras like images, audio, etc. 
5. Clean up the code so others accessing it may read it like a book.

### Where users can get help with your project
Resources to get help for this project is:
- w3schools.com
- Mozilla JavaScript documentation
- Stack Overflow
- http://www.flaticon.com free for SVG images.

### Who maintains and contributes to the project
I, Kevin Tran, maintains and contributes to this project. 
